Siva (#77)
GovTechSG/techpass-user-docs: docs/techpass-status.md

# TechPass system status
This page provides the status of the TechPass service and information on the following:
- [Scheduled maintenance](#scheduled-maintenance)
- [Ongoing incidents](#ongoing-incidents)
<!--- [Previous incidents](#previous-incidents)-->

## Scheduled maintenance
Posted on 26 July 2022

> **Scheduled** - TechPass portal will be going through a migration on 26 July 2022. Public officers may not be able to access TechPass portal during this time. There is no action required from you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Scheduled** - TechPass portal will be going through a scheduled maintenance on 26 July 2022, 1030am. There may be connectivity issues during this time. There are no action required from you.
```
